Project "ChatClick v1.0"

REQUIREMENTS DOCUMENT 
1 Introduction
The name of this application - ChatClick. The project was created for communication between people. This product
developed with JavaFX will be used to help communication between two or more persons.
Also the project provides for the security of your data. 
1.1 Local specialty 
In this chat the whole data
passed from computer to computer, without the save on the server. In order to start chatting
you only need to run the application and in the line enter your message. The most important thing, 
that every attempt be written off is triggered only once, and no one but your 
companion will not be able to read the dialogue
because all messages are irretrievably deleted.

2 User Requirements
This project in your work very easy for all types of user's. 
You must just click on your place of text field and write a messages.
2.1 Software Interfaces
Web application on JavaFX for operation systems Windows, Linux. This application have very easy interface
for people and everyone can use this product. Project consist from input and output messages in special field. 
Your messages can view only people in chat for security information.This system interacts with the user 
using the connection via the port and IP-address.

2.2 User Interfaces
All project realize for user's who want read and write messages from friend's. 
This system interacts with the user using the connection via the port and IP-address.
Client connect to server and program begin the work.

2.3 User Characteristics
Proposed audience, able to read and write. It's designed for custom applications
and for office workers or difference people.

2.4 Assumptions and Dependencies
This project requires no extra costs. The application will have a size of up to 100Mb.
Also must be server like connection for users.

3 System Requirements 
3.1 Functional Requirements
One of the user's must be server's for connection. Other users start to program and have acces to chat.
You must have:
- PC;
- Server;
- 100MB of RAM on PC.

3.2 Non-Functional Requirements
-read
-write
3.2.1 Usability:
In this chat the whole data is passed from computer to computer, without 
the save on the server, which promises completely 
anonymous and destruction of information of chat.
